[Music]
foreign
good morning and welcome back to another
university vlog
[Music]
my room was still feeling very bare and
i wanted to make it feel
just more cozy more homey more like me
and i started by making a dark academia
mood board
i have one of these in my bedroom at
home and i just find them so inspiring
they're really fun they look really cool
[Music]
we don't need no more
before i sleep
here the crickets
[Music]
i also wanted to put up this poster that
my friend natasha got me it's like a
scratch away books to read before you
die list and i was going to put it above
this chair but i really couldn't manage
to get it up
[Music]
i also had a few other posters to put up
so i had
uh some titanic ones that i had in my
room last year if you didn't know i
am fascinated by the titanic
[Music]
oh
so basically this is the 100 books
scratch map i'm trying to put it up here
and i was trying for like 10 minutes and
i just can't get it to stay so i need to
get some command strips when
i go into town later and now just to
finish off all of the decorating
um i'm going to finish at half 10 and
it's 10 20. i am going to order some
pictures
i really want to decorate this with like
really aesthetic photos
okay i finally ordered those photos i
said oh i'll finish by 10 30. it's now
20 so that took me two hours to do i
didn't even know how
it took me that long um anyway i am now
going to get on with reading the
professor house which i need to read for
friday
it's currently wednesday and yeah i'm
like ten percent through i started it
last night
i'm sure you can see that it's raining
so then after that i had a meeting with
my personal tutor i had a new personal
tutor this year so i had like an
introductory meeting with her and
usually you'll have
a meeting with your personal tutor every
term so you just kind of catch up
[Music]
you need to find a way
i know
[Music]
okay i have a new academic tutor this
year and she is amazing
i don't know she's just good she's like
kind and
up for just discussing ideas and i'm
excited to have her as my tutor okay
anyway um
it's like 10 to you and i need to get to
sacred grounds because i'm meeting viola
the wonderful viola
yeah okay so i'm gonna go that over
round by 10 minutes
so i need to text spider as well and say
i'm really scared but i'm running late
when we wake hear the birds
okay i am here with the wonderful viola
and
after i disastrously spilt i literally
spilled the algae latte everywhere they
were so kind and they like
made me another one like a beetroot last
day which is so nice of them
um so thank you sacred grounds
[Music]
is always to disinfect i've already
disinfected my phone that's the first
thing i just in fact because
even though i try to keep it clean i
know it probably isn't
there are a few vitamins i take every
day
there's some stains on your photo
[Music]
okay i think this looks really really
good only problem is
i ran out of command hooks so i didn't
really know like
i think it looks okay like that if i
don't want to go fine
[Music]
i'm just gonna quickly reply to some
emails because i have been really behind
on my emails
and then i spent most of the evening
reading the professor house i think i
got
up to 75 which i was pretty happy with
i also watched a massive lecture in the
evening about hamlet because i wanted
more of a background knowledge on this
for my theatricals module
and then i made a few notion
spreadsheets just to finish off the
night i made my weekly routine
i plan my morning and night routines for
this time as well i like to do this
on the second week of term every term
because by that point i've had time to
really
consider what kind of system will work
best for me anyway thank you so much for
watching this video i hope you enjoyed
it and i hope that you have a productive
week
you